<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# Azure Route Table Root Module

This module is used to manage Azure Route Table Routes.

## Usage

To use this module in your Terraform configuration, you'll need to provide values for the required variables.

### Example

This example shows the basic usage of the module.

```terraform
module "avm-res-network-routetable-route" {
  source = "Azure/avm-res-network-routetable/azurerm//modules/route"

  resource_group_name    = "example-resource-group"
  route_table_name       = "example-route-table"
  route_name             = "example-route"
  address_prefix         = "10.0.0.0/24"
  next_hop_type          = "VirtualAppliance"
  next_hop_in_ip_address = "10.0.0.5"
}
```

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.9, < 2.0)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.route](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_address_prefix"></a> [address\_prefix](#input\_address\_prefix)

Description: (Required) The destination to which the route applies. Can be CIDR (such as 10.1.0.0/16) or Azure Service Tag (such as ApiManagement, AzureBackup or AzureMonitor) format.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description: (Required) The name of the route.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_next_hop_type"></a> [next\_hop\_type](#input\_next\_hop\_type)

Description: (Required) The type of Azure hop the packet should be sent to. Possible values are VirtualNetworkGateway, VnetLocal, Internet, VirtualAppliance and None.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_parent_id"></a> [parent\_id](#input\_parent\_id)

Description: (Required) The ID of the parent route table resource.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_next_hop_ip_address"></a> [next\_hop\_ip\_address](#input\_next\_hop\_ip\_address)

Description: (Optional) Contains the IP address packets should be forwarded to. Next hop values are only allowed in routes where the next hop type is VirtualAppliance.

Type: `string`

Default: `null`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name)

Description: The name of the route.

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the route.

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->